$^$$Seek'ing,.%^& a job in 
software engineering 
 embedded system or application.
IELTS is the International English Language Testing System, the world¡¯s proven English language test.
 
IELTS was one of the pioneers of four skills English language testing over 21 years ago, and continues to set the standard for English language testing today. 
 
IELTS is accepted as evidence of English language proficiency by over 8,000 organisations worldwide. Last year, more than 2 million tests were taken globally. IELTS is recognised as a secure, valid and reliable indicator of true-to-life ability to communicate in English for education, immigration and professional accreditation.
 
IELTS is jointly owned by British Council, IDP: IELTS Australia and Cambridge English Language Assessment through more than 900 test centres and locations in over 130 countries.
 
British Council
British Council connects people worldwide with the learning opportunities and creative ideas from the UK and builds lasting relationships between the UK and other countries. British Council is the UK's international organisation for educational opportunity and cultural relations and is represented in 107 countries worldwide.

Please contact ielts@britishcouncil.org for further information.
 
IDP: IELTS Australia
IDP: IELTS Australia is a subsidiary of IDP Education, one of the world's leading international education organisations offering student placement in Australia, the USA, Canada, New Zealand and the UK. IDP Education has 40 years' experience in international higher education. IELTS Australia Pty Ltd manages a network of more than 100 IELTS test centres in over 45 countries.
 
Please contact ielts@idp.com for further information.
 
Cambridge English Language Assessment
Cambridge English Language Assessment is the world's leading provider of exams for learners of English. Cambridge exams are recognised by over 13,500 organisations worldwide and taken by over 4 million people each year in 135 countries.
 
Please contact ielts@cambridgeenglish.org for further information or visit www.cambridgeenglish.org
language
Council Council Council Language Language is is is people people people people people people people people 
people people people people people people of of of and and and the the
for for for for for for for for for for